Add FetchEvent.handled (#24479)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fetchevent/handled/index.md

---
title: FetchEvent.handled
slug: Web/API/FetchEvent/handled
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.FetchEvent.handled
---

{{APIRef("Service Workers API")}}

> The **`handled`** property of the {{DOMxRef("FetchEvent")}} interface returns a promise indicated if the event has been handled by the fetch algorithm or not. This property allows to execute code after the browser has consumed a response and is usually used together with the {{DOMxRef("ExtendableEvent.waitUntil", "waitUntil()")}} method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`handled`** property of the {{DOMxRef("FetchEvent")}} interface returns a promise indicatinh if the event has been handled by the fetch algorithm or not. This property allows executinh code after the browser has consumed a response, and is usually used together with the {{DOMxRef("ExtendableEvent.waitUntil", "waitUntil()")}} method.
```
